Glossary: async (#29072)
mdn/content: files/en-us/glossary/asynchronous/index.md

In computing, the word "asynchronous" is used in two major contexts:

- Networking and communications

  - : Asynchronous communication is a method of exchanging messages in which the sending, receiving, and processing of each message in not dependent on the sending, receipt, or processing of other messages. In asynchronous communication, each party receives and processes messages when convenient or possible to do so, rather than doing so immediately upon receipt. Additionally, messages may be sent without waiting for acknowledgement, with the understanding that if a problem occurs, the recipient will request corrections or otherwise handle the situation.

    Email is a form of asynchronous human communication. A sender sends an email. The recipient reads the email and replies (or doesn't) when convenient, rather than immediately. All parties can continue to send and receive messages whenever they wish. Emails don't have to be scheduled in a particular sequence either.

>     With asynchronous software, when a request is made, such as to a server, processes aren't blocked during the time it takes for the requested response to be received. It can continue to do other things. For example, in [promise based APIs](/en-US/docs/Learn/JavaScript/Asynchronous/Implementing_a_promise-based_API), {{JSxRef("Promise")}}s are used when long operations are called, creating a Promise object. When the operation eventually completes, the promise is handled. With promises, software doesn't have to wait for the operation to complete.a notification is sent. This enables the code.

Reviewer: The last part of the para is incomplete and unclear. I've removed it for now: ".a notification is sent. This enables the code."

```suggestion
In asynchronous software, making a request, such as to a server, does not block other processes while waiting for the response. The software can continue performing other tasks. For example, in [promise-based APIs](/en-US/docs/Learn/JavaScript/Asynchronous/Implementing_a_promise-based_API), {{JSxRef("Promise")}} objects are created for long operations. After the operation is complete, the promise is handled. With promises, the software doesn't have to wait for the operation to finish.
```
